README.md, before:

### Hello! I am João Paulo 👋

[![Linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jo%C3%A3o-gon%C3%A7alves-532742234/)


![JoaoArteagle GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=joaoarteagle&show_icons=true&theme=dark)



## Technologies

<div style="display: inline_block"><br/>
<img align="center" alt="html5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white"> 
<img align="center" alt="css3" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white"> 
<img align="center" alt="Javascript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E">
<img align="center" alt="java" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white"> 
<img align="center" alt="nestjs" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NestJS-E0234E?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white">
<img align="center" alt="tailwind" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white">
</br></br>
<img align="center" alt="postgres" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white">
<img align="center" alt="git" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GIT-E44C30?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white">
<img align="center" alt="typeScript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white">
<img align="center" alt="react" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB">
<img align="center" alt="vite" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-646CFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=FFD62E">

</div>

 
 



## IDEs already used

<div style="display: inline_block"><br/>
<img align="center" alt="eclipseIde" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Eclipse-2C2255?style=for-the-badge&logo=eclipse&logoColor=white"> 
<img align="center" alt="intellij" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/IntelliJ_IDEA-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=intellij-idea&logoColor=white"> 
<img align="center" alt="suplimetext" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/sublime_text-%23575757.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=sublime-text&logoColor=important"> 
<img align="center" alt="visualstudiocode" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio_Code-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white"> 
</div>

Commit message:

Update README with personal background and skills
Expanded personal introduction and skills section.

README.md, after:

### Hello! I am João Paulo 👋
I'm João Paulo, Software Engineering student and Front-End Developer with experience building modern and responsive web applications. I’ve worked on two real-world projects as a React developer, focusing on creating intuitive user interfaces and clean, efficient code.

My main stack includes React, TypeScript, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS, along with experience using Node.js, Express, and Bootstrap. I also enjoy exploring backend development and automation with Python, and I'm constantly learning new technologies to enhance my skills.

I’m driven by curiosity, collaboration, and the desire to turn great ideas into impactful digital experiences.

[![Linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jo%C3%A3o-gon%C3%A7alves-532742234/)


![JoaoArteagle GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=joaoarteagle&show_icons=true&theme=dark)



## Technologies

<div style="display: inline_block"><br/>
<img align="center" alt="html5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white"> 
<img align="center" alt="css3" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white"> 
<img align="center" alt="Javascript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E">
<img align="center" alt="java" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white"> 
<img align="center" alt="nestjs" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NestJS-E0234E?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white">
<img align="center" alt="tailwind" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white">
</br></br>
<img align="center" alt="postgres" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white">
<img align="center" alt="git" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GIT-E44C30?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white">
<img align="center" alt="typeScript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white">
<img align="center" alt="react" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB">
<img align="center" alt="vite" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-646CFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=FFD62E">

</div>

 
 



## IDEs already used

<div style="display: inline_block"><br/>
<img align="center" alt="eclipseIde" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Eclipse-2C2255?style=for-the-badge&logo=eclipse&logoColor=white"> 
<img align="center" alt="intellij" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/IntelliJ_IDEA-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=intellij-idea&logoColor=white"> 
<img align="center" alt="suplimetext" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/sublime_text-%23575757.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=sublime-text&logoColor=important"> 
<img align="center" alt="visualstudiocode" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio_Code-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white"> 
</div>
